Apple Intelligence

Apple intelligence is the personal intelligence system that puts powerful generative models right at the core of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac and powers incredible new features 
to help users communicate, work and express themselves. 

You can bring these Apple Intelligence features right into your apps. 

1. What is generative models?
Generative models are a type of machine learning model that can create new data that is similar to the data it was trained on. 
They are stastical models that use probability distributions to generate new datasets. 
Generative models work by learning the underlying patterns and distributions of data, and then using that information to generate new, 
similar data. This is similar to teaching a computer to create its own data based on what it has seen before

2. Define different Apple intelligence features.
  1. Writting Tools
  2. Image playground 
  3. Genmoji
  4. Siri with AppIntents 

3. Explain about writing tools?
Writing tools are available system-wide, and help users rewrite, proofrea, and summarize text. If you're using any of the standard UI frameworks to render text fields, your app will automatically
get the ability to use writing tools. and with the TextView delegate API, you can customise how you want your app to behave while writing tools is active.
For example, by pausing syncing to avoid conflicts while Apple Intelligence is processing text. 

4. Explain about the Image playground. 
Image playground delivers an easy-to-use experience to create fun, playful images in apps like messsages, notes, keynote, pages and more. 
Using the image playground API, you can add the same experience to your app and enable your users to quickly create delightful images using context from within your app. 
And because images are created entirely on device, you don't have to develop or host your own models for your users to enjoy creating new images in your app. 

5. Genmoji 
Genmoji opens up entirely new ways to communicate, letting users create a new emoji to match any moment. While emoji are represented as inline images. If you are using standard UI 
frameworks to render textfields, you can support Genmoji easily. 


